yes it is another beautiful day in
Hawaii nay I'm hungry for a sandwich
today one of those Vietnamese sandwiches
the kind they make on French bread let's
go make one of them this is it doesn't
that sandwich look good I visited a
local French style bakery in Honolulu to
get these rolls now there's probably a
bakery with bread like this neither you
I could make an off-color joke about
this but I won't this is a daikon it's
basically a big white radish so I've got
this cool little Japanese turning slicer
see how it turns the daikon into curly
thin little strands try to get in with
some carrot isn't that cool I like this
actually better than shredded carrot you
know I could make an off-color joke
about that but I want now a quick simple
marinade with some rice vinegar a little
bit of sugar and some water we're going
to put that on the daikon and carrots
and let it marinate for just a few
minutes meanwhile sliced the French
bread roll slather on some vegan aged
that's vegan mayonnaise this is
vegetarian sliced ham all vegetarian
stores will have a variation of this
here's some sliced Japanese cucumber and
here comes the marinated daikon and
carrot it is starting to look like a
Vietnamese sandwich and we top it off
with some sprigs of Chinese parsley also
known as cilantro all right let's go to
Ala Moana Park on a beautiful afternoon
to let some folks taste test these
sandwiches what it is good
this is good really good I like the
daikon in there and to tumble it's
really good
I could make an off-color jokes but I
won't
[Music]